Replace mention of ZLC with ZAC (#212)
zowe/zowe.github.io: contribute.md

        <h5 class="text-left"><a href="{{ site.omp_calendar_url }}">Meetings</a></h5>
        <img class="ml-2" style="height: 20px" src="assets/img/calendar-community.svg">
      </div>

>       <p class="card-text">All scheduled meetings in the Zowe community are placed in the Mainframe Project Calendar, from the scrum status of a squad to meetings of the Technical Steering Committer and the Zowe Advisory Council. </p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <p class="card-text">All scheduled meetings in the Zowe community are placed in the Open Mainframe Project Calendar, from the scrum status of a squad to meetings of the Technical Steering Committee and the Zowe Advisory Council. </p>
```
